site: explain how to use `site-kit` and `site-repl` (#5163)
sveltejs/svelte: site/README.md

Tests can be run using `npm run test`.

> ## Working With Components
> 
> svelte.dev uses the package [`@sveltejs/site-kit`](https://github.com/sveltejs/site-kit) to import it's UI components
> 
> clone [`@sveltejs/site-kit`](https://github.com/sveltejs/site-kit) locally
> 
> [`npm-link`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) your local site-kit to `svelte/site` to see your component changes reflected locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Linking `@sveltejs/site-kit` and `@sveltejs/site-repl`

This site depends on `@sveltejs/site-kit`, a collection of styles, components and icons used in common by *.svelte.dev websites, and `@sveltejs/site-repl`.

In order to work on features that depend on those packages, you need to [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) their repositories:

- `cd <somewhere>`
- `git clone https://github.com/sveltejs/site-kit`
- `git clone https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte-repl`
- `cd <somewhere>/site-kit`
- `npm link`
- `cd <somewhere>/svelte-repl`
- `npm link`
- `cd <svelte-repo>/site`
- `npm link @sveltejs/site-kit`
- `npm link @sveltejs/svelte-repl`
```
